# Restrospective for Apple-jOOSE iteration 1
### Note things that you have and have not delivered, note the challenges you had, and reflect on how you shall proceed in the next iteration to do a better job

For this iteration our group was able to get the entire backend for our project up and running, implementing all of our classes, generating our databases and verifying that all the CRUD methods necessary for data storage and manipulation are working. This represents a very good foundation on which to build the rest of our project on top of, however will continue to be adapted and improved as we move forward. What we have not delivered is the frontend of our application as well as its API integrations, which will be our main priority and focus for the next coming weeks. Getting a simple but fully functional frontend will be our next milestone as we proceed with this project and once completed will be very representative of our finally project. Some of the biggest challenges we faced this iteration were team coordination and API access, and are undoubtedly two things that will heavily influence the success of our project. Cooperating on the same sections, coordinating work efforts and dividing up the work amongst group memebers will go a long way in improving our teams effectiveness and are all aspects we plan to focus on this coming iteration. As far as API access, alternative options are being investigated right now by our team, and currently consist of brute-force algorithms, utilizing a combination of different APIs and/or manual entry system. Although, we'd prefer to use our original intended API, actually gaining access to is proving to be harder than anticipated. Other APIs we plan to use are those tied to chrome extensions, which alothough are easily accessible, still require a lot of processing on our end which will be our primary focus for iteration 2 since data aggregation is a big part of our application. While, good progress was made in iteration 1, we still believe we fell short of some of our initial goals and believe that improve our coordination as a team will dramatically enhance our productiveness as a team.
