# Restrospective for Apple-jOOSE iteration 1
### Note things that you have and have not delivered, note the challenges you had, and reflect on how you shall proceed in the next iteration to do a better job

For iteration 2, our team made some progress in integrating the APIs needed for text extraction and bias analysis of our app, which constitute some of the most important features of our app. Along with these integrations we further developed our front end user dashboard in order to display their profile informaiton most convienently to them in a well organized and clean looking webpage. Aside from this, some functionality that we wanted to implement but were not able to in this iteration is full connecting our client-side front end to our server side back end in order to feed it real information stored in our data base. This was due to us discovering the need for a few more batabase DAO operations which we had not previously implemeneted and the need to rethink our data base structure and how we will require a new table in order to organize and save the information the way we want to have it. In this iteration we were only capable of connecting the front-edn to back-end populated with dumby information. The next steps for us are to reorganize the database in order to better cater to our needs, finishing the chrome extension in order to have it link to our dashboard directly when clicked and also track user history in order to auto-populate our database, and finally begin testing the robustness of our app will potentially starting work on some nice-to-have features.

Our challenges for this iteration were again coordinating and working as a team. Delegation of tasks and coordination of delivery of certain features is still something our group is struggling with and we definitely need more dedicated team meetings in order to sort out these problems. Having more defined feature delivery requirements amongst ourselves and doing more progressive work on the app as opposed to sparse, but large commits will deefinitely help with building the momentum for us and will be necessary in order to get this app to the state we need it to be for the next iteration.
